Update 2024-05-22-latest-dbt-stability-improvement-innovation.md (#5436)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/blog/2024-05-22-latest-dbt-stability-improvement-innovation.md

---

> title: "How we're making sure you can confidently "Keep on latest version" in dbt Cloud"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "How we/'re making sure you can confidently /"Keep on latest version/" in dbt Cloud"
```

> title: "How we/'re making sure you can confidently /"Keep on latest version/" in dbt Cloud"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "How we\'re making sure you can confidently \"Keep on latest version\" in dbt Cloud"
```

> title: "How we\'re making sure you can confidently \"Keep on latest version\" in dbt Cloud"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "How we're making sure you can confidently \"Keep on latest version\" in dbt Cloud"
```
